# WooCommerce Flutter API

A comprehensive Flutter package for seamless WooCommerce integration. Easily manage authentication, notifications, cart, and product data with updated dependencies and full documentation.

## Dependencies

This package leverages the following dependencies:

- [dio](https://pub.dev/packages/dio) (^5.4.1) for HTTP requests
- [faker](https://pub.dev/packages/faker) (^2.1.0) for generating fake data during development
- [flutter_secure_storage](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_secure_storage) (^9.0.0) for secure data storage
- [pretty_dio_logger](https://pub.dev/packages/pretty_dio_logger) (^1.3.1) for logging HTTP requests in a readable format

## Installation

To install the package, run:

```bash
flutter pub add woocommerce_flutter_api
```

## Usage

Create the main WooCommerce object to access all the features of the package:

```dart
final woocommerce = WooCommerce(
  baseUrl: '<woocommerce-url>', 
  username: '<username>', 
  password: '<password>', 
  useFaker: true,
  isDebug: true, // true by default
  apiPath: '<some-custom-path>',
);
```
### Using Fake Data (`useFaker`)

The `useFaker` property is designed for development and testing purposes. When set to `true`, all API requests will return fake data generated by the [faker](https://pub.dev/packages/faker) package. This is especially useful if your WooCommerce backend is still under development—allowing you to build and test your application without relying on live data. Once your backend is ready, simply set `useFaker` to `false` to receive real data.

Example of initializing with fake data enabled:

```dart
final woocommerce = WooCommerce(
  baseUrl: '<woocommerce-url>', 
  username: '<username>', 
  password: '<password>', 
  useFaker: true,
  isDebug: true, // true by default
  apiPath: '<some-custom-path>',
);
```

In this mode, every API call (e.g., authentication, notifications, cart, products) will return simulated responses, allowing you to continue development seamlessly until your WooCommerce backend is published.

### Authentication

Login and securely store the user ID:

```dart
await woocommerce.login('<email>', '<password>');
```

### Notifications

Fetch all notifications for the currently logged in user:

```dart
final notifications = await woocommerce.getNotifications();
```

### Cart

Retrieve the cart for the current user:

```dart
final cart = await woocommerce.getCart();
```

### WooCommerce API

Fetch a list of products:

```dart
final response = await woocommerce.getProducts();
```

## Roadmap  

This package is actively being developed, and the following features have been implemented so far:  

### Implemented Features ✅  
- Authentication (Login & Secure Storage)  
- Fetching Notifications  
- Managing Cart (Retrieve user cart)  
- Fetching Products  
- Order Management (Retrieve, Create, Update, and Delete orders)  
- Product Tags API (Get, Create, Update, Delete product tags)  
- Coupon Management (Retrieve, Create, Update, and Delete coupons)  

### Upcoming Features 🚀  
- Customer Management (Retrieve, Create, Update, and Delete customers)  
- Order Additional Features (actions, notes, refunds)  
- Product Additional Features (shipping classes, reviews)  
- Reports API
- Refunds API
- Tax rates API
- Tax classes API
- Webhook API
- Settings API
- Setting Options API
- Payment Gateways API
- Shipping API (zones, locations, methods)
- System status API 
- System status tools API 
- Data API 
<!-- - Wishlist Functionality   -->


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions, bug fixes, or improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request. Your contributions will help make this package even better.
